# brawny-jam-9247
Hello my name is Rajesh Pradhan(JAVA BACKED DEVELOPER) . Here iam create a individual project.

TOOL KIT:
Here iam creating Online Hardware and software support system using Core-java, Mysql and JDBC.


Project Description:

The system will be available on an online platform for 24x7 access to the employees, the engineers, the Head of the Department, and the administration. 
It Helps keep your IT staff productive with fast, accurate, remote technical support for your System environment. 
It provides defect support for a broad range of Products running on System hardware.
Factors to consider include the cost of downtime, skills, retention, overheads, customer satisfaction, and many others.

Functions are :

Roles for the HOD:
	•	Login into the system 
	•	Register a new Engineer with a username(email) and password and the category (Hardware/software)
	•	Can see a List of all the Registered Engineers.
	•	Can Delete any Engineers from the system
	•	Can able to see all the raised problems.
	•	Can assign any problem to any Engineer.
Roles of Engineer:
	•	Each engineer has their own account by which they can log in. (credentials given by the HOD)
	•	Engineer can view the problem assigned to him by HOD.
	•	Engineer can update the status of the problem addressed by him. i. e. whether it is solved or anything.
	•	They can see a list of all the problems attended by him/her.
	•	Engineer can change his password.

Roles of Employee:

	•	Employee can register himself with his username and password.
	•	Each employee has an account in the system with which they can log in.
	•	Employee can register any complaint (hardware/software) through the system. After registering the complaint a complaint id is generated by the system.
	•	Employees can see the status of their problem by using complain id . Status means they can check who (engineer) is assigned to his problem.
	•	They can see all complain history raised by him/her.
	•	Employee can change his/her password.

